hi I'm Michael from jest Tommy
wig manufacturer and produced the push
me home for your trial by today I just
want to run you through the quick steps
of how to attach it to your children's
bike so to do that first of all we will
need to establish what tools you're
going to have to have and to put it on
it's as simple as having an open-ended
wrench as well as the allen key that's
in the kit first step you need to do is
take the seat off bike most bikes are
simple they just have one bolt and on
that one do around the color of the seat
back and it falls out like that we're
quite fortunate with this seat base
because it actually tells us on it what
size it is this one's a 25.4 in the kit
we have three sizes we can use there's a
twenty two twenty five point four and
the clamp actually suits a 27 inch bar
so to put it on you simply put the clamp
adapter ring in the clamp face it
upwards
slide it under your seat post as high as
you can go to get the grip and then
adjust it up with the allen key once you
get a little bit firm we strike them up
to make sure it's nice and square with
the back of the bike
that's just a simple matter putting it
back into the bike and setting it up at
the right height if you're not sure
about how high or low a seat for your
bike should be on our website we have a
sizing chart and that will help you set
your bike height to suit your child it's
a very important step to teaching them
how to write to making sure they're
really comfortable what they do then you
just adjust it back up thanks for the
bike seats aligned with the frame and
there we go it's all down then all
that's left to do is to put the handle
it the handle comes in the telescoping
site fold it up just pick it into place
pull the adapter ring put the handle
so there you go that's all there is to
fitting a push behind your bike now
let's left to do is to go riding with
your kids so happy kids easy cycling